You go to work, third master
Stop acting, okay?
The child is still next to you.
Why is it mixed into the top card now?
I don't call the young master, I call the third master instead
Not you.
I want to go with my mother and sister.
Xiao Qi, isn't he you?
Xiao Qi, don't run around next time
Mom is worried to death
I didn't run around.
You left me there
He can talk
Xia Xiner, my son is not Yamal
Yard? That's not what I meant.
Xiaoqi's mother loves you and hurts you before it's too late
How could I leave you there alone?
You are not my mother
Xiao Qi, how did you talk to your mother?
Xiao Qi was frightened today
Don't argue with him.
And
I have decided to withdraw my single-minded investment in my next home
No, no, the courtyard
We went home for this project
I've been preparing for half a year
Because you didn't take good care of my son
Since the project has been cancelled
Then you should be with her during this time
courtyard
This project has been prepared for half a year and is almost completed
I promise.
I will definitely take good care of Xiao Qi in the future
courtyard